DCT-395 (#1098)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/frontend/index.md

Throws an exception if not given `{!js} true`.

Example:

```js
load: /examples/argz/index.mjs
md5: d98c02ebf76e5ce55b6dec475c82539e
range: 4 - 7
```

This code checks the arguments passed to the `{!cmd} ./reach run` command.

> Lines 6 and 7 will not throw an exception if `{!cmd} ./reach run index hello "Mr. Postman"` is run in the terminal, because `{!js} process.argv` will return the following `{!rsh} array`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lines 6 and 7 will not throw an exception if `{!cmd} ./reach run index hello "Mr. Postman"` is run in the terminal, because `{!js} process.argv` will return the following array:
```

Throws an exception if not given `{!js} true`.

Example:

```js
load: /examples/argz/index.mjs
md5: d98c02ebf76e5ce55b6dec475c82539e
range: 4 - 7
```

> This code checks the argument variables passed alongside the `./reach run` cmd.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This code checks the arguments passed to the `./reach run` cmd.
```

> Lines 6 and 7 would not throw an exception if `{!cmd} ./reach run index hello "Mr. Postman"` is run in the terminal.

Reviewer 3: will not throw

Reviewer 3: We can combine the sentences on lines 1019 and 1020.
...run in the terminal, because `{!js} process.argv` will return...

This is because `process.argv` would return the following array:

> ```reach

Reviewer: JS

> [ '/usr/local/bin/node', '/app/index.mjs', 'hello', 'Mr. Postman' ]

Reviewer 3: 'Hello' should be capitalized.

Reviewer 3: Looks like you need to rebase. `hs-test` is failing due to `Fix_Switch_DoubleCase.txt`

```

> Thereby making `process.argv[2] === 'Hello'` and `process.argv[3] === 'Mr. Postman'` to evaluate to `{!rsh} true`.

Reviewer: These are JS

Reviewer: And `{!js}` for these
